New rule for not raising active record error in controller level (#12)
preface-ai/coding-guideline-tips-and-others: guidelines/backend-coding-standard/folder_structure/serializer/no_bussiness_logic_in_serializer.md

> # No bussiness logic in serializer
> # Description
> No bussiness logic in serializer, should do it in contoller / module level.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
# No bussiness logic in serializer
# Description
Serializer should contain logic to transform and massage different attribute into expected shape based on our API design.
It shouldn't contain any business logic in it, they should live within module/service/ modal level.
```

# Example
```ruby
# 🤔 Avoid this: 
class SomeUserSerializer
  attributes :user_status

  def user_status
    object.student? ? "student" : "not student status"

>   end

Reviewer: Can we think of something which is more lean to real business logic?
This example is very ambiguous
